This is going to be the most tactical
video on how to make email designs that
actually convert. And it's not just
going to be like, "Oh, you should do
this." I'm literally showing you exactly
what bad is and then me recreating the
email and what good is. This is exactly
what we do at my agency. We've done over
$100 million in the past 18 months. We
sent over a billion marketing emails and
we kind of know what works. So, I'm
going to go over through all these
examples that I personally have done
with my team. So, let's go over these
examples. We're using big brands here so
that it's easy for you to understand and
easy for you to see. uh kind of like the
before and after and what it looks like
because believe it or not, a lot of
these big brands don't know what they're
doing with high converting email design.
So, I'm going to show you exactly what
you should be doing. So, first up, we
have this Calvin Klein email. So, this
is actually what Calvin Klein's email
looks like when you sign up to their
email list. Now, there are a couple
things that stand out. The first thing
that we want to consider is the customer
as they're coming in. The hero image is
just a big shirtless dude, which I mean,
yeah, that's cool and all, but really,
we have men and women who are coming
into this brand. And so it's really
important with your product imagery what
you're using. So you can see in this
imagery we went with a actual just like
featuring men and women using the
product and so the person could see
potentially this is somebody who uh who
matches them and what products they
would buy. So that's going to be super
important right off the bat that we want
to do. This also matches their website
aesthetic. Nowhere on their website do
they have all these colors. And so you
sign up to the email list, you get all
these colors. Just doesn't match the
brand. And so we want to make sure that
we're matching the brand here. The next
thing that's going to stand out is right
here. We have the welcome and then the
button with the discount way up at the
top of the email. When somebody's
opening up their email, they are seeing
they're only seeing like up until like
this point. So, you're just seeing this
dude and his jock right when you open up
the email. That's not what the person
signed up for. They're here to get their
discount code and they're here to leave.
They we need to make it as clear as
possible. Hey, welcome to Calvin Klein.
Here's your discount. Go shop on the
website. That's what we want you to do.
So, that's what we want to do right
here. And then we just give a little bit
of brand information. Remind the
discount code throughout the whole
email. and then shop by collection for
ease of shopping. Shop men and women
might just might not be enough. And so
we want to give out a couple of
different recommendations here. Then
always have a footer with buttons right
here. You'll notice that we have clear
shop now buttons for all of these
sections and it's just flows really
well. We have nice clear and big buttons
right here throughout the whole email.
Now the biggest difference here is
updating the product imagery in this
hero section to make sure it's calling
out the actual uh customer because we've
had different hero sections result in
double the revenue for brands just by
the images that we're picking. So, we
want to make sure that we're taking that
into account. Always have the button and
the discount code up at the top of the
email for the welcome email and make
sure it matches your brand vibe. Super
important for welcome emails. Now, let's
go into Whoop right here. Tech brand. If
you haven't seen them, wearable fitness
tracker. Um, but essentially this is
their before email. What's something
that you'll notice? Well, first it looks
kind of lame. It's just like kind of
just like text and then some images here
and there. There's a lot of text right
here. It's a little bit small. The first
button is down here and it just says
learn more. How lame is that? So, we
wanted to reconstruct this whole thing
and like what this email is about
because they offer a free trial. You can
literally get a Whoop sent to your house
for free and try it out and then you
don't pay until after like the first
month. I believe it's the first month.
And so, we want to make our call to
action show how much value this is. So,
we changed this email to talk about the
free trial because that is our offer.
That is what you get when you buy our
product. So, we want to feature that.
Um, and then we just made it more fun
with the copy. That's not on the copy.
That's not on the design side. This is
copy. So doing something instead of
being like we're not like other
wearables. We made this when like the
Kendrick song they not like us was big.
So played on that. They not like us.
Their fitness tracker we're performance
partner. Yada yada. Use your free uh get
your free trial with Whoop today. Start
free trial. Boom. Then we actually show
what the product is like, what the app
is like because that's what people care
about. And then we pretty much just
showed what they were showing in a
different layout. It just it just flows
a little bit smoother. We have the
background change right here in this
infographic. I found that it's harder to
read when your eyes are going back and
forth. We prefer to stack. Then we end
with the free trial right here. And then
of course in the footer, we shop by
category, accessories, and memberships.
We want to give people options to browse
further if they didn't find what they
liked in this original email. And so we
moved this button way up at the top. We
adjusted some of the copy. You can see
this hierarchy right here. It's super
simple to see. Right when the person
opens the email, they have something to
click and there's a clear value
proposition. Then we just cleaned this
out. made a little bit immersive so it's
not as flat like right here by having
this section go over having the phone go
right here and this just makes it super
clean um and a lot more immersive for
the customer. So that is Whoop. Now
let's go to this next one. So this is
Aloe Aloe. It's pretty much like a
Lululemon fitness clothing. So this was
a site abandoned email. So this was if
you go to the website, you don't view
any products and then you leave. Okay?
Or it's a collection. I meant it's a
collection. So you're this is this is
what happens when somebody is looking at
tops. And so, um, this is the email that
you receive. You'll see there's a weird
thing going on here with light versus
dark mode in the email. Um, which
happens when you use Claio or whatever
email sending provider sections. We
don't like to do that because in light
versus dark mode, it's going to give you
a ton of different stuff because for
different users in their uh, inbox, they
prefer
dark mode. With Clavio or intext HTML
sections, it's going to alternate the
colors. It's gonna mess up your email.
And actually, a lot of people think that
you can't do full image emails, but you
can. We do over $10 million every single
month with pure image-based emails. I
don't know who started spreading this
propaganda that you c you can't do image
based emails. You quite literally can.
And look at all the top brands and a lot
of the top brands crushing from email.
They're doing this. Trust me, I've
tested this. You're totally fine doing
full image based emails. But you'll see
right here, trending tops. A couple
things that stand out. There is no
button in this whole email. You have
shopwoman and shop men up here at the
top, but we never want those to be at
the top because that distracts the
customer right at the beginning of the
email because that's not what the email
is about. There's no clear buttons for
each of these individual products. We
need to have individual shop now buttons
so the customer knows that they can
click that item. You'd be surprised that
has an impact on clicks. You want to
make sure you do that. And then you want
to give people a general option like
shop all tops. What happens if the
person viewing this email doesn't like
any of these tops? They're just going to
leave. But what if you finish with like
a general like keep browsing or
something like this? like shop all tops.
We always want to finish our product
sections with further browsing if you
have more products. So what we did here,
we made this just a little bit more
designed. Made this during the winter
time. So we used like this winter
background and we said serve in your new
top. These deserve a second look. Grab
your new piece. You deserve it. Big
button right up at the top of the email.
That's going to be a theme because that
is what high converting design is.
That's a fancy way of saying put big
buttons throughout your email and put
one up at the top in the hero section so
the customer sees it right at the top.
That is what high converting email
design is. Um, and so what you can see
here throughout this email is look at
how this flows. See, we used a
transition, a little gradient down here,
transitioning from the white snow into
the white background behind this product
section. It makes the email very
immersive. It makes it easier to scroll.
So that's what we're doing here. Then we
feature some trending tops. We make it a
little bit cooler than just like plain
products. And so we have like the these
little outlines and the black and white
shop now. We changed the product grid to
doing like one layout, two layout. This
is what you need to keep your customers
scrolling and keep them engaged with
your emails because if they see this,
this is boring. This is a little bit
more. It releases a little bit of
dopamine in your head. Then of course,
finish with shop all tops. Then of
course, finish with shop by category
buttons in the footer in case somebody
might not be interested in a top, but
they might cuz like they they go to they
scroll to the bottom, they don't like
these tops and they're like, uh, I just
bought a top from Lululemon. Shop by
category woman. Eh, maybe I could go for
some for some aloe. Click on woman and
then boom, they can start shopping. That
is what we want here. There's an
abandonment email. Address the
abandonment in the call to action right
here. Perfect. That is Aloe. Now, let's
go to right here. Birkenstock, Boomer
brand. It Birkenstock is just stuck in
marketing to 50 year olds. Meanwhile, a
lot of their sales right now are coming
from the younger audience. So, we want
to appeal with that design style. This
just looks There are a couple things
wrong here. You never want these
navigation buttons up at the top of the
email. Like I said earlier, when you
open your email and you look on your
phone, this is all you see. And it's
just distracting. There's so much going
on. All these call to actions, decision
fatigue in humans. You're much more
likely to bounce. That's why we always
put the navigation buttons at the footer
when the person could potentially be
ready to browse. So, we put these in the
footer down at the bottom after somebody
has viewed these products and then they
don't like what they see. Keep it super
simple right when they open the email.
So, this was an upgrade letter leather
weather. Um, then right here, this
button's super small. Want to make our
buttons a lot bigger. Um, you can see
just the big difference here. The bigger
the button, the higher the clicks.
That's another principle of high
converting design. Um, and so we have a
big button right here. I like how they
have individual shop now buttons, but
they're very, very small. We want to
make that a lot make them a lot bigger
and clear. Make sure that they can see
this. It looks like this got messed
over, messed up when I brought this. At
the very least, we need to underline the
product section, which is what we did
here. I want to show a variation of us
not having the uh not having clear shop
now buttons, but you can actually
underline these products too and it
doesn't have an impact on click rates.
So, you can see it's just a super super
simple product grid. Not very immersive
of an email, super flat and just not
very fun. And so, what we did leather
weather, this was a fall email and so we
made it fall vibes brown right here. And
then we feature the product. You can see
the immersiveness right here. This is
what she's wearing. Um big button up at
the top. make it immersive over this
section to help it flow into this uh
white background down here. Feature the
different colors here, which we like to
do for our uh for our um brands that
sell clothing. Always finish with a shop
all button. Then they also have a follow
section. So, we wanted to add that.
Then, we want to avoid all of these
different uh call to actions down at the
bottom. It's going to overwhelm. Let's
keep it simple. Products and then tag us
on Instagram. We have a photo gallery
right here. Um and um just to show that.
And then also we have the afterpay. Shop
now pay later in case price is something
that people are worried about. And then
shop by category of course in the footer
in case somebody uh might want to shop
something else. Um so there's the before
and after for Birkenstock. Now let's
rock and roll over to a fun one. We have
Rare Beauty. So this is one. This is
Selena Gomez's brand. And again this is
another instance of you'd be surprised
how much you see these big brands mess
up. I received this email in April.
There's a block right here for the cyber
week event. What is going on here? How
do you not catch this? I'm I'm I'm
always so shocked with these big brands
that just have these mistakes. Um but
same sort of deal with our prior welcome
email that we're showing that that we
went over. Um we want to give the offer
super clear right in the person's face.
You have 10% off your first order of $30
plus. Here's your discount code. Go
shop. The person might not want to read
all this BS. Look at how small this
discount code is. If I'm receiving this
email, I'm you people aren't reading
your emails. They're not going, I
created rare beauty because I wanted a
challenge. No, they're skimming the
email. And if you don't hand them a
click and you don't hand them the
information and the discounts on a
silver platter, they're not going to
click and they're not going to engage.
This is me handing the click in the sale
on a silver platter. The person signed
up for their discount code. Enjoy 10%
off. Here's your discount code. Go shop
right when you open the email. Rather
than going through this and then I'm
like, uh, where's my discount code? Uh,
cyber week. What's going on for cyber
week? And then you're worried about this
bunch of stuff. And then the discount
code is right here. Crazy. I don't
understand why we're doing this. The
individual products, they need to have
shop now buttons just like this. This is
what we want to do. And then clean up
the footer a little bit. Add the shop by
category buttons. Make this a little bit
cleaner. And finish with a general shop
now button. Maybe the person doesn't
want these three items. Put the give the
option to shop other items right here.
And then of course, we have just like
different imagery right here. Make it
flow a little bit. have it uh give it a
little bit of life right here uh was
kind of the goal here. But this is what
is going to be high converting. Give
them the click on a silver platter.
Liquid Death. I wish Liquid Death had
better emails because they're such a fun
brand and I love them. So, this is the
before. Uh Eternal Blackness never felt
so soft. I love the copy. Their copy is
amazing. More stuff you don't need.
That's really funny. Um click the button
says hell yes. I think that's great.
It's just their design. The button is
way too low. It's too small of a button.
We need to make it a little bit bigger.
We need to have it higher up in the
email. Um, and let's let's add a little
bit more fun into these emails because
they've so much life with their copy and
brand. Let's add that to design. Let's
make it high converting because it may
not convert. Having a bunch of like fun
elements in your email designs may not
convert as much right off the bat, but
over time you'll get less unsubscribes,
more people on your list because they
like opening the emails and seeing the
graphic design. That's stuff that people
like and that gives dopamine in their
heads to where they will keep uh keep
opening your emails and eventually
convert down the line. And so what did
we do here? We changed the headline
dress to kill. We added this little like
cool little element right here. And then
to go with the kill, we had we added
blood. And then we uh added that line
eternal blackness never felt so so soft.
Added a bit of copy. It's for those who
refuse to blend in, who embrace the dark
side, and know that wearing black is
always in season. Banger. Shop black
pieces right here. So just making it
super clear. Shop black pieces. You
don't just need to shop this item right
here. Shop black pieces. Um, and then we
feature the product right here and then
go into a little bit of product
education as far as what this specific
product is and then own the darkness
right here. Making it a little bit fun,
earth friendly production, supreme
comfort. Let people uh get behind the
brand. 100% sustainable cotton right
here. Um, if I could, if I would improve
this a little bit, I would probably try
to make this section flow a little bit
better. I don't like how abrupt it is
right here. Um, see, tried to do a
little gradient down here, but kind of
was working fast here. Uh, but that
would be one thing where I'd try to make
this section flow a little bit smoother.
But I love this product section right
here. More stuff you don't need. And
then just adding some life. Look at the
little like paper clip. There's a paper
tear down here, which is super cool.
Gives it a bit of life. Um, and then,
um, so this is a specific product. And
then a testimonial. Um, love it. And
it's a funny testimonial. It's softer
than the inside of our king-sized coffin
and it's killer. Uh, look, scared our
neighbors into scraping the fish off
their car bumper. I'm rating it a
perfect five out of seven. Add some life
with funny testimonials. That's what
builds community because they're like,
"Ah, look at the look at the community.
Look at the buyers they have." Then also
featuring some other products. Shop now.
And of course, shop by category in case
they don't want to buy a black tea, they
have an option to buy other stuff here
at the bottom. Boom. Perfect.
Engagement. Now, we have a super
straightforward one for UGG. Um, there's
just way too much going on. Right? When
you open this email, customers are
going, I bet that their customer scroll
rate is so low because there are just so
many options. There are 1, two, three,
four, five. There's six buttons right
when you open the email in the first
like half second. That's just crazy. We
don't want that. Um, and then it's just
like a little bit too abrupt here. These
individual products don't have shop now
buttons, which we need to have. And this
button's too small. So, what do we do?
We make it a little bit more immersive
by just changing the background of the
email to the background color of like
this main hero image. And so we just do
this, the perfect gift for every
Valentine. You know, you've been nice
all year, so treat yourself to a naughty
new look. Boom. Shop Valentine's Day.
Added some extra copy with this bridge
section. Um, and then add in the product
section, added the little hearts to go
with the Valentine's theme. And then
shop Valentine's Day. Shop by category
buttons in the footer. Super simple. You
can see a common theme here with all
these emails. Um, and then kind of for
road right here. Same sort of deal. I
love the copy and the stuff that they're
doing in their emails. Um, it just kind
of needs to be updated a little bit. Um,
I like this lip care the road
dictionary. I think that that's great.
Um, I just think that this is a last
chance uh email. Um, this is a last
chance. And so what we wanted to do is
make it super clear that this is a last
chance. And so we'd have a discount
timer right here counting down the timer
of the offer because the offer last
chance is right here, which is literally
like tomorrow. Like if we're
highlighting an offer, people buy from
urgency. Let's put the urgency right in
their face. button way up at the top of
the email. Boom. Kiss the sun back.
Different copy right here. And then we
go into kind of like their lip care
matters. And then we move the road the
road dictionary section right down here.
And then we go through the treatment
steps of using the peptide lip treatment
and then the lip shape to make it flow
and give them a clear step process right
here. This is what you need to do. It's
the same sort of information but in a
little bit different way. And then
finish with the peptide lip treatment
free with purchase. Boom. Perfect. High
converting. this is what we want. And
then the last one here for the before
and afters, we have Gym Shark, who Gym
Shark, again, another brand that I
absolutely love, but their emails are
just lame. They're just stuck in the
corporate corporate vibe. So, again,
they have the navigation buttons at the
top, which are going to overwhelm the
customer. We don't want to do that. This
button is a little bit too small
overall. This is okay, though. Um, but
then it's just like super bland. The
individual products don't have shop now
buttons. We definitely want to do that.
And so these are like a few examples of
a little bit more engaging emails in
design. Um this is like an example of
like a branded email in a world where
you can do anything. Do gym. Um they say
that a lot in their um in their um
Instagram. Um so I pulled it from that.
And then a little bit of copy right
here. Big button right up at the top.
Immersive little section of do gym right
here playing throughout in behind this
girl. And then if you're going to do
gym, do it right. Mix and match our
favorites. Um, and so if we go right
here, um, this is actually a GIF, which
looks like it's not going to play, but
it's actually a GIF that plays different
tops and then different bottoms, so you
can mix and match your favorites. And so
that was like the angle we went with
there. And then new drops just in and
then shop new drops uh just to feature
that at the bottom. Um, and then a
testimonial sort of email with like a
phone right here. So, it's a little
immersive and then you have the logo and
it's kind of like a retro background for
gym lover for by gym lovers for gym
lovers. Shop now button. There's a low
shop now button, but that's okay. And
just a super simple email highlighting
some testimonials and then doing a um
doing a photo gallery before a final
shop now button and then woman versus
man. And then there's like a blog email.
So, this is how we execute blog emails.
We like to have a button up at the top
and then a little sneak peek of what the
blog is like and then give a little bit
of information. So, back anatomy 101,
back anatomy 101, highlighting, giving
some education to the customer list,
which is great. And then finish with
general learn more button right here.
So, you can see these have a little bit
more life. Um, and these are probably
going to convert a lot better. Um, and
yeah, these ones I think we could update
and do a little bit better. These are a
little bit old. I think these uh I think
some of these we could we could clean up
a bit more, but you can see like the
principles that we're applying. Okay,
now we have six final examples of just
like other brand emails that we've done.
Um, just to give some life to them. Uh,
so this is Rayban for example. This is a
summer fever email. Again, you could see
right here, clear offer right up at the
top of the email and button right up at
the top of the email. You can see this
gift. We flip through the products of
different colors. And then we go into
some education. Sun's out, shades out,
your shades your style. And so this is
how you can customize your products and
you get 20 20% off custom sunglasses
because it's a custom shades offer. We
want to show every part that they can
customize. The lens, the frame, uh the
engraving in the case, and then a
general shop now, and then 20% off last
chance. And then of course, footer
category buttons at the bottom. Same
sort of thing here. Skims wave at the
top, early gift for you. And then I love
how this email flows because it's a gray
background photo shoot and she's on like
a white uh the floor is white and so you
make the rest of the email white so it
looks like it flows and it's super
clean. Gifting made easy. um you're
coming with the gifting with our limited
edition gift bags just featuring that
and then for her for him. This is what I
love for clothing brands if you're doing
a gifting email for her and then for him
and then separate by men and women and
then right here um finish with a general
general button right here for the sale
and then category buttons in the footer.
We have the super fun email for Mr.
Beast uh feastables right here carrying
a lot of the fun from the website and
then peanut butter perfected little bit
of information button way at the top of
the email. You can see how immersive
this is right here. It's going to hit
well with the demographic. Um, and so I
love this. And also in their emails,
they never talk about like their ethical
sourcing, which is what differentiates
them as a brand. Taking down big
chocolate with ethical sourcing. This is
exactly what that means. And I love how
this footer is like kind of like
floating in the sky right here. And we
have these little elements all
throughout the email which give it a ton
of life and help it flow um, and feel
super immersive. We have this Calvin
Klein email using a cool little photo
gallery at the top. And then there's an
example of doing shop by men's and
women's in the hero section. So this is
something that's fun. You don't have to
use the same sort of layout of logo,
headline, body copy button up at the top
of the email. You don't always need to
do that. You can have logo on the left
with a photo gallery with like uh the
headline and then body copy down here
and then two different buttons, which I
think is great. Um pair with denim, so
women's denim and then men's denim um
right here. Individual products with a
cooler uh product section right here.
And then bonus savings in store um as
well. Just highlighting that call out
and then the buttons in the footer.
Perfect. Here's a Stanley email.
Valentine's Day sale. Super clear.
Valent super clear email on Valentine's.
Um just button up at the top. Here's the
discount. You still have time. Anytime
you're highlighting a anytime your sale
is ending, you want to call out the day,
especially if it's coming up. So, I like
the circling it right here uh that we
did on the design side, making it a
little bit fun that this is when it's
ends. And then I like it. make your
list, check it twice, order it now. I
thought that this was fun. And then a
product section with the check marks.
Not as high converting because there
aren't individual shop now buttons for
this section, but I just think it's
super fun and you can mix this up every
now and again. Then again, footer
buttons in the footer. And then lastly,
New Balance right here. I think that
this is cool if you want to push people
to SMS uh men's upcoming launches.
Custom font right here. Bring it some
life. And then the different products uh
releasing sign up for SMS reminders.
Then also featuring past launches that
you do. A lot of brands just do a launch
email for products that they're
launching and then they don't remind
their customers. And so I think that
this is cool instock launches. And so
you can look at the different launches
that they that they had over the past
like month or so. Some of the featured
products that are in stock finish with a
shop all styles button and then have the
footer navigation. So boom, that is what
I'm talking about. That is high
converting email design. So in summary,
get your buttons in your offers way up
at the top of the email. Use big
buttons.
End with a general shop now button.
Individual products need to have shop
now buttons.
Add footer buttons. And then boom,
that's it. And then make your emails
immersive when you can. Have some fun
with it. And boom. That's high
converting email design. That is what
you need to know. Hopefully that helped
you visualize it um in exactly what I'm
talking about in these videos and what
actually matters for getting people to
convert. Um, if you want a team to
create these emails for you, we have
done over $100 million in the past 18
months through our agency. If you're an
e-commerce brand doing at least $50,000
a month, then you can book a call with
us in the description below. Thank you
so much for watching the video. Make
sure to click on this next one, which is
an absolute banger. I have it
recommended for you here, so make sure
you check that out. Um, and yeah, thank
you so much for watching. See you in the
next one.